Tell me about yourself
    im keshavi. I am from hyd. I completed my Bachelor of Engineering degree in 2018 from bvrith. i have 5 years of it expereince. 
my first company is tcs and now im working in infosys. during the initial stages of my career i worked as a sql admin and from last 4 years im working as a devops engineer.
in my current role i have expereince with various technologies like azure devops, git, jenkins, ansible,docker, terraform,sql. 

what are your roles and resp? or what is your day to day work
        as a devops engineer my primary role is to communicate with different developemnt and operations teams and implement and maintain the ci/cd pipelines. 
managing and configuring the infra, collabrote with security team to implement the best practices and automating manual process to increase efficiney

Why are you looking for job change?
        the reason im looking for a job chnage is that now i want to expand my horizon. 
im grateful to my current company for giving me opportunities but now i want to go beyond my current role and explore various challenges
I’m eager to share my knowledge and pick up new skills from diff organizations.

what is your salary expectations
        in the past years i have upskilled myself and i feel that my current salary is less than the market standards. 
based on my experience and skills a salary between 20-22 lpa would be fair range.

why should we hire you?
        i have excellent communication and interpersonal skills which are essential for working in a dynamic environment. 
apart from this my overall expereince, technical skills and confidence will make me an valuable asset in your organization

what is your strength?
        my strength is my flexibility to handle the chnage. in my current project we are using a new tools that i dont have have knowledge before. 
but once i got into the project i learned it very quickly and handled my work effienctly

what is your weakness?
        im very hesitant in asking help. whenevr i face any issues i try to resolve it on my own. 
however i understand that if i take help from experinced people it would be more beneficial. im taking steps to improve this and now im less hesitant to seek help from others

do you have any questions for me?
        if im hire for this role what would be the next steps
can you share more about day -day responsibilties of this role

